added external schema codegen tool documentation (#1114)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/non-unreal-server-worker-types.md

* For each component, the `ExternalSchemaInterface` will contain methods for `SendComponentUpdate`, `OnAddComponent`, `OnComponentUpdate`, `OnAuthorityChange`, and `OnRemoveComponent`.
* For each command, the `ExternalSchemaInterface` will contain methods for `SendCommandRequest`, `SendCommandResponse`, `OnCommandRequest` and `OnCommandResponse`.

##### Setting up

Below is a summary of the steps required to use the external schema code generator. There is a more complete example in the [examples section below](#using-the-code-generator-example).

* Run the `ExternalSchemaCodegen.bat` file as described in the [helper scripts documentation]({{urlRoot}}/content/helper-scripts) to generate code from a directory containing external schema files.
* [Regenerate](https://wiki.unrealengine.com/Generate_Visual_Studio_Project) the Visual Studio project files.

> * Instantiate the `ExternalSchemaInterface` class inside your game module. If you want to ensure that the SpatialOS worker connection registers your callbacks to receive initial network operations, you need to register the callbacks inside your game instance's `OnConnected` event callback.

Reviewer: As a user, I don't understand what "initial network operations" or why would I want to ensure to receive those.

Reviewer 2: @alastairdglennie ☝️

Author: ```suggestion
* Instantiate the `ExternalSchemaInterface` class inside your game module. If you want to ensure that the SpatialOS worker connection registers your callbacks to receive the network operations that are sent as soon as your worker connects, you need to register the callbacks inside your game instance's `OnConnected` event callback.
```

Reviewer 2: @improbable-davidrodriguez ☝️

* `OnAddComponent` parameterized with `const TFunction<void(const Worker_AddComponentOp&)>&`
* `OnRemoveComponent` parameterized with `const TFunction<void(const Worker_RemoveComponentOp&)>&`
* `OnAuthorityChange` parameterized with `const TFunction<void(const Worker_AuthorityChangeOp&)>&`
* `OnComponentUpdate` parameterized with `const TFunction<void(const Worker_ComponentUpdateOp&)>&`
* `OnCommandRequest` parameterized with `const TFunction<void(const Worker_CommandRequestOp&)>&`
* `OnCommandResponse` parameterized with `const TFunction<void(const Worker_CommandResponseOp&)>&`

If you want to ensure that the SpatialOS worker connection registers your callbacks to receive the initial network operations, you need to register the callbacks inside your game instance's `OnConnected` event callback.

Each callback registration function returns a `CallbackId`. You can deregister your callbacks using the `USpatialDispatcher::RemoveOpCallback` function and passing the `CallbackId` parameter that was returned by the corresponding call to one of the callback registration functions.

> There are basic example in the _Examples_ section below. For more examples of how to serialize and deserialize component updates, command requests, and more, see the SpatialOS documentation on  [serialization in the Worker SDK in C’s API](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/capi/serialization). `Worker_ComponentId` and each network operation type are defined in the [Worker SDK in C’s API](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/capi/api-reference).

Reviewer 3: Convert plural to singular or vice versa.

Reviewer 4: thanks updated
